Update compliance.md (#3645)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/managed-desktop/intro/compliance.md

- [Cloud Security Alliance (CSA) STAR certification](https://docs.microsoft.com/compliance/regulatory/offering-CSA-Star-Certification)
- [Service Organization Controls (SOC) 1, 2, 3](https://docs.microsoft.com/compliance/regulatory/offering-SOC)
- [Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard (DSS)](https://docs.microsoft.com/compliance/regulatory/offering-PCI-DSS)

> - [Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/compliance/regulatory/offering-hipaa-hitech)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA)](https://docs.microsoft.com/compliance/regulatory/offering-hipaa-hitech)
```

> - [Information Security Registered Assessor Program (IRAP)](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/compliance/regulatory/offering-ccsl-irap-australia)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Information Security Registered Assessor Program (IRAP)](https://docs.microsoft.com/compliance/regulatory/offering-ccsl-irap-australia)
```

## Shared responsibility

> Compliance for cloud services is a shared responsibility between cloud service providers and their customers. For more, see [Shared Responsibilities for Cloud Computing](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/security/fundamentals/shared-responsibility).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compliance for cloud services is a shared responsibility between cloud service providers and their customers. For more information, see [Shared responsibility in the cloud](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/security/fundamentals/shared-responsibility).
```
